Update docker workflow (#302)
aiondemand/AIOD-rest-api: docker-description.md

# AIOD Metadata Catalogue

Image for AI on Demand's (AIOD) metadata catalogue REST API, developed on [Github](https://github.com/aiondemand/AIOD-rest-api/).

> This image also requires _at least_ a database setup to function, but for all features authentication (through keycloak) and 
> search (through elastic search) also need to be configured.
> Please refer to the documentation in the readme of the ["AIOD-rest-api"](https://github.com/aiondemand/AIOD-rest-api) repository.

Reviewer: A minor suggestion that sounds clearer to me.
```suggestion
This image requires a properly configured database setup to function. Additionally, to have all features working, authentication (via Keycloak) and search (through Elasticsearch) must also be configured. Please refer to the documentation available in the README of the ["AIOD-rest-api"](https://github.com/aiondemand/AIOD-rest-api) repository.
```
